#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.8
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via langchain-postgres
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via azure-identity
azure-identity==1.23.0
    # via langchain-sqlserver
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
cryptography==45.0.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch[vectorstore-mmr]==8.18.1
    # via langchain-elasticsearch
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.6.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.72.1
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.32.4
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.63
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-elasticsearch
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-sqlserver
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-elasticsearch==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-qdrant==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-sqlserver==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.3.44
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.4.0
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.8
    # via unstructured
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-sqlserver
    #   pgvector
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pillow==11.2.1
    # via sentence-transformers
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via qdrant-client
psutil==7.0.0
    # via unstructured
psycopg[binary]==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-postgres
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via psycopg
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pyodbc==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-sqlserver
pypdf==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via elasticsearch
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
qdrant-client==1.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-qdrant
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via unstructured
redis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   msal
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
simsimd==6.4.7
    # via elasticsearch
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-sqlserver
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.52.4
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.3.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   elasticsearch
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
unstructured[md]==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.36.0
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
